# CoCoNet

### Documentation

- `CoCoNet-model/README.md` outlines some basic steps for installation, creating and running scenarios, and a short description of the model. **Note:** There are some references to files and processes in this document that appear to be out of date.

- `CoCoNet-model/Docs/CoCoNet-user-guide-and-technical-summary-v3.4-1.pdf` is the User Guide & Technical Summary. This offers some insight into the process of running the model, but appears to focus on doing so via the NetLogo GUI.

### Notes
- `run_netlogo_experiments.sh` referenced in the CoCoNet model README is not included in the repository.

- `CoCoNet-model/CF_parameter_sets_May2024.xlsx` seems to have the parameters required for the counterfactual experiments, but not in a format ready to be immediately passed into the model.

- `CoCoNet-model/experiments.txt` seems to be NetLogo experiments for interventions rather than counterfactuals.

- `modified_experiments.sh` references a `parameters_CCIP_baseline.csv` that is not included in the repository. Functions when redirected to the provided `parameters_baseline.csv`.

- `CoCoNet-model/CoCoNet V3.0.nlogo` has some conflicting information regarding NetLogo version used:
    ```
    (ln: 3766) 

    CoCoNet 3.0 runs on Netlogo 6.2. 
    ```

    ```
    (ln: 4161)

    NetLogo 6.4.0
    ```

    The latter looks to be autogenerated, and matches the version used in the previous containerisation branch [here](https://github.com/gbrrestoration/CoCoNet-model/tree/TRG-30_containerisation).

